https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/karl-heinz-rummenigge/ - Karl-Heinz Rummenigge
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/michel-platini/ - Michel Platini
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ruud-gullit/ - Ruud Gullit
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/marco-van-basten/ - Marco van Basten
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/preben-elkjaer-larsen/ - Preben Elkjær
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/bernd-schuster/ - Bernd Schuster
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/butragueno/ - Emilio Butragueño
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/paolo-rossi/ - Paolo Rossi
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/futre/4/ - Paulo Futre
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/frank-rijkaard/ - Frank Rijkaard
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/alain-giresse/wm/4/ - Alain Giresse
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/franco-baresi/ - Franco Baresi
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ian-rush/ - Ian Rush
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/igor-belanov/ - Igor Belanov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gary-lineker/ - Gary Lineker
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/zbigniew-boniek/ - Zbigniew Boniek
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jean-tigana/ - Jean Tigana
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/paul-breitner/ - Paul Breitner
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/bruno-conti/ - Bruno Conti
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/rinat-dasaev/ - Rinat Dasayev
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/lothar-matthaeus/ - Lothar Matthäus
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/aleksey-mikhaylichenko/ - Oleksiy Mykhaylychenko
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/bryan-robson/ - Bryan Robson
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ronald-koeman/ - Ronald Koeman
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/kenny-dalglish/ - Kenny Dalglish
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/michel/ - Míchel
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/dino-zoff/ - Dino Zoff
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jan-ceulemans/ - Jan Ceulemans
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/aleksandr-zavarov/ - Oleksandr Zavarov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/wilfried-van-moer/ - Wilfried Van Moer
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/manuel-amoros/ - Manuel Amoros
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/peter-shilton/ - Peter Shilton
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gordon-strachan/ - Gordon Strachan
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jean-marie-pfaff/ - Jean-Marie Pfaff
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/allan-simonsen/ - Allan Simonsen
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/horst-hrubesch/ - Horst Hrubesch
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/liam-brady/ - Liam Brady
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/felix-magath/ - Felix Magath
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/michael-laudrup/ - Michael Laudrup
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/dragan-stojkovic/ - Dragan Stojković
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/graeme-souness/ - Graeme Souness
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/chalana/ - Fernando Chalana
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gianluca-vialli/ - Gianluca Vialli
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jesper-olsen/ - Jesper Olsen
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/juergen-klinsmann/ - Jürgen Klinsmann
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/herbert-prohaska/ - Herbert Prohaska
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gheorghe-hagi/ - Gheorghe Hagi
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/toni-schumacher/ - Harald Schumacher
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/fernando-gomes/ - Fernando Gomes
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/oleg-blokhin/ - Oleg Blokhin
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/glenn-hysen/ - Glenn Hysén
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/morten-olsen/ - Morten Olsen
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/erwin-vandenbergh/ - Erwin Vandenbergh
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/soeren-lerby/ - Søren Lerby
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/pierre-littbarski/ - Pierre Littbarski
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/bruno-pezzey/ - Bruno Pezzey
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/arconada/ - Luis Arconada
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/hans-peter-briegel/ - Hans-Peter Briegel
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/michel-preudhomme/ - Michel Preud'homme
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/john-barnes/ - John Barnes
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/hansi-mueller/ - Hansi Müller
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/alessandro-altobelli/ - Alessandro Altobelli
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/maxime-bossis/ - Maxime Bossis
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/manfred-kaltz/ - Manfred Kaltz
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ramaz-shengelia/ - Ramaz Shengelia
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/frank-vercauteren/ - Franky Vercauteren
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/oleg-protasov/ - Oleh Protasov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/rudi-voeller/ - Rudi Völler
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/helmuth-duckadam/ - Helmuth Duckadam
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/luis-fernandez_12/ - Luis Fernández
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jean-pierre-papin/ - Jean-Pierre Papin
https://www.worldfootball.net/news/ruud-krol/1/ - Ruud Krol
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/klaus-allofs/ - Klaus Allofs
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/aleksandr-chivadze/ - Alexsandr Chivadze
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/safet-susic/ - Safet Sušić
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/giancarlo-antognoni/ - Giancarlo Antognoni
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/david-kipiani/ - David Kipiani
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/john-wark/ - John Wark
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/eric-gerets/ - Eric Gerets
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/andras-toeroecsik/ - Andras Toroczik
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/antonio-cabrini/ - Antonio Cabrini
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/mark-hateley/ - Mark Hateley
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/tibor-nyilasi/ - Tibor Nyilasi
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/oleg-kuznetsov/ - Oleh Kuznetsov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/enzo-scifo/ - Enzo Scifo
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/norman-whiteside/ - Norman Whiteside
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/vladimir-petrovic_2/ - Vladimir Petrovic
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gordillo/ - Rafael Gordillo
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/terry-mcdermott/ - Terry McDermott
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/viv-anderson/ - Viv Anderson
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/francesco-graziani/ - Francesco Graziani
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/trevor-brooking/ - Trevor Brooking
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/zlatko-vujovic/ - Zlatko Vujovic
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/neville-southall/2/ - Neville Southall
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/anatoliy-demyanenko/ - Anatoliy Demyanenko
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/toni-schumacher/ - Toni Schumacher
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/toni-polster/ - Toni Polster
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/tanju-colak/ - Tanju Çolak
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ladislav-vizek/ - Ladislav Vízek
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/bento/ - Manuel Bento
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/frank-stapleton/ - Frank Stapleton
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/carlos-manuel_9/ - Carlos Manuel
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/costic-tefnescu/ - Costică Ștefănescu
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/vasilis-chatzipanagis/ - Vasilis Hatzipanagis
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jordao_3/ - Rui Jordão
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/john-sivebaek/ - John Sivebæk
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/pavel-yakovenko/ - Pavlo Yakovenko
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/paul-mcgrath/ - Paul McGrath
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/karl-heinz-riedle/ - Karl-Heinz Riedle
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/andreas-brehme/ - Andreas Brehme
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/frank-arnesen/ - Frank Arnesen
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/antonin-panenka/ - Antonín Panenka
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/david-oleary/ - David O'Leary
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/vladimir-petrovic_2/ - Vladimir Petrović
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/wlodzimierz-smolarek/2/ - Wlodzimierz Smolarek
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/grzegorz-lato/ - Grzegorz Lato
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gaetano-scirea/ - Gaetano Scirea
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/frans-thijssen/ - Frans Thijssen
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/torbjoern-nilsson/ - Torbjörn Nilsson
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/fedor-cherenkov/ - Fedor Cherenkov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/lajos-detari/ - Lajos Détári
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/paul-mcstay/ - Paul McStay
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/vahid-halilhodzic/ - Vahid Halilhodžić
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/peter-reid/ - Peter Reid
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/pat-jennings/ - Pat Jennings
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/karlheinz-foerster/ - Karlheinz Förster
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jozef-mlynarczyk/ - Józef Młynarczyk
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/peter-beardsley/ - Peter Beardsley
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ally-mccoist/ - Ally McCoist
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/heinz-hermann/ - Heinz Hermann
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/flemming-povlsen/ - Flemming Povlsen
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/rodion-cmtaru/ - Rodion Cămătaru
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/walter-zenga/ - Walter Zenga
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/pat-bonner/ - Packie Bonner
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/andreas-moeller/ - Andreas Möller
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/julio-salinas/ - Julio Salinas
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/marcel-rducanu/ - Marcel Răducanu
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/trevor-francis/ - Trevor Francis
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/zdenk-nehoda/ - Zdeněk Nehoda
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/toni_17/ - António Oliveira
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/uli-stielike/ - Uli Stielike
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/jesus-zamora_2/ - Jesús Zamora
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/marius-tresor/ - Marius Trésor
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/walter-schachner/ - Walter Schachner
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/stoycho-mladenov-jr/ - Stoycho Mladenov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/silviu-lung-jr/ - Silviu Lung
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/steve-archibald/ - Steve Archibald
https://www.worldfootball.net/referee_summary/georgi-dimitrov_4/ - Georgi Dimitrov
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/andreas-thom/ - Andreas Thom
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/gary-stevens/ - Gary Stevens
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/marco-tardelli/ - Marco Tardelli
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/ladislav-vizek/ - Ladislav Vizek
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/maceda/ - Antonio Maceda
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/glenn-hoddle/ - Glenn Hoddle
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/sokol-kushta/ - Sokol Kushta
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/dimitrios-saravakos/ - Dimitris Saravakos
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/dejan-savicevic/ - Dejan Savićević
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/roberto-mancini/ - Roberto Mancini
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/thomas-haessler/ - Thomas Häßler
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/robby-langers/ - Robby Langers
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/paolo-maldini/ - Paolo Maldini
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/theo-snelders/ - Theo Snelders